Update README.md (#1)
vizzu-streamlit/streamlit-vizzu-pydata-global: README.md

# Make your own fork of this app in Codespaces

> Step 1:  Right click the "Open in Github Codespaces" button above, open the link in a new tab and then click Fork!

Author: I did this and then lost my page and had to recreate it :(

Reviewer: Ooh, good call -- I'll update the link to open in a new tab instead

Reviewer 2: Just kidding, github doesn't allow that :(

> Step 1:  Right click the "Open in Github Codespaces" button above, open the link in a new tab and then click Fork!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Step 1:  Click the "Open in Github Codespaces" button above and then click Fork!
```

![image](https://github.com/blackary/streamlit-vizzu-pydata-global/assets/4040678/f4a9d972-cae6-4aa2-8b9a-2e18f513759a)

_(Eat a 🍪 while you wait)_

Step 2: Press "Create new Codespace"

<img width="521" alt="image" src="https://github.com/blackary/streamlit-vizzu-pydata-global/assets/4040678/87d24ecc-daf2-4292-a0fa-13e6fc68094e">

_(Check your bluesky while you wait)_

> Step 3: After a minute or two, you should see an editor (it may take a few seconds after the page has loaded), and then a browser should open to the right (You can resize the site to see the whole app better)

Author: My page loaded and I got confused when it didn't start `streamlit run`

<img width="1684" alt="image" src="https://github.com/blackary/streamlit-vizzu-pydata-global/assets/4040678/04f1be56-7b71-4303-81f0-ed7679e4b1a0">

# Add your own charts

> Step 1: Download one of the csvs above in this repository

Author: for a second I got confused there wasn't a link for `this`

Step 2: In a new tab, open https://vizzu-builder.streamlit.app/ and upload the CSV you just downloaded.

> Step 3: Choose 1 Category and one or more Values columns and hit `Create Charts` to see the different kinds of charts you can make.

Author: I think you should rename this in the app -- update charts to me means they already exist.

Reviewer: Yeah, that's a good call. Do you think 'create charts' is confusing when they already exist? If you upload a new dataset, or change the filter, should it always say "Create charts"? Or should I use session state or something to make it first say "Create charts", and then "update charts"?

<img width="825" alt="image" src="https://github.com/blackary/streamlit-vizzu-pydata-global/assets/4040678/868d5ac9-dafd-4fd2-af42-4a05873e81c7">

Step 4: Pick a chart you like and expand the "Show code" expander and press the Copy button at the top right of the section.

<img width="519" alt="image" src="https://github.com/blackary/streamlit-vizzu-pydata-global/assets/4040678/1b3f24c7-b88a-4d08-a4e2-1a127e26eca4">

> Step 5: Go back to the Codespaces instance, and add a new file in the pages/ folder called `charts.py`.

Author: better to give clear direction and make sure they create a .py file.

> Step 5: Go back to the Codespaces instance, and add a new file in the pages/ folder called `charts.py`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Step 5: Go back to the Codespaces instance, and add a new file in the pages/ folder called `my_chart.py`.
```

<img width="330" alt="image" src="https://github.com/blackary/streamlit-vizzu-pydata-global/assets/4040678/47c3d21e-15bd-4e2a-a86c-4fbe70b939f6">

> Step 6: Paste the code for your chart into the new file and save it. Re-run your app by pressing `r`. You should now see a new entry in the sidebar of your app

Author: I think they need to do this, right?

Reviewer: Yeah, good call
